Spam

Hello Trupti,
	You have unlocked a new offer.
deposit money in order to claim the prize. Hurry up before
the stock is empty.
Thank you..

--------------
Spam

Apple

Hi Customer,

Your Apple ID will be disable Because of Some Violated Policies

The following changes to your Apple ID were made on 6 November, 2018 We have noticed that your account information appears to be invalid and

unverified.

We need to verify your account information in order for you to continue using your Apple ID Account

You need to sign and verify it as soon as possible, you should do this soon because disabled accounts are eventually deleted along emails, iCloud, and other data stored

with Apple

you should change your password as soon as possible from your Apple ID account page at https://appleid.apple.com

Please verify your identity, we recommend that you go to Verify Now

Sign In

Sincerely, Apple Support

Apple

-------------
Spam

Heather patricia@mshmoss.com>

to:

@gmail.com

@gmail.com>

Sep 14, 2015, 3:15 PM

What would you say if I told ythe government owed you up to $5,775 cash to go to school? Well, they DO and all you have to do is pick a school, pick a subject and claim it!

⚫ THIS IS NOT A LOAN, you will never have to pay this back ⚫ Online classes are available

Take this SERIOUSLY. Soon This Program Will Close Until Next Year Click below to take the two-minute questionnaire and start the approval

process... Click Here To Let Us Know If You'd Prefer Check Or Direct

Deposit

PO box 105603

Atlanta, GA 30348-5603

You are receiving this message us and we respect your privacy. We hope you

find these communications valuable; however, if you would prefer to no longer

receive emails from us, please click here.

--------------

Not spam 

Hello Trupti,
    I saw your presentation and our team was happy. Please send message when you are free so that we will schedule your meeting.
Thank you..

------------------



